# Graph-Generator-and-Line-Coverage-Application
The application is a dynamic tool created to facilitate software testing processes, allowing you to generate control flow graphs, execute test cases, and analyze line code coverage with ease.

# Project Description
Program graph generation and line coverage evaluation are essential approaches in software development for analyzing and enhancing code quality and efficiency. Program graph generation involves creating visual representations that capture the structure and interactions within source code, providing an overview of execution flows and critical points.

Line coverage measures the percentage of code lines executed at least once during a set of test cases, serving as a metric to assess test thoroughness. High line coverage suggests greater confidence in code robustness, although it doesn’t guarantee detecting all potential errors.

This work combines program graph generation with line coverage to offer deeper insights into code execution. Through static and dynamic analysis, visual graphs of control flows and interactions are created. These graphs guide test case generation to maximize line coverage. Together, these practices offer a comprehensive assessment of software quality, revealing both overall program flow and specific areas requiring attention during development and testing.

With the help of the Streamlit framework, the application materializes as an intuitive user interface. Upon receiving a user’s Python file, the tool employs the StatiCFG opensource tool to construct both macro and micro-level graphs that capture code structure complexities. Subsequently, users define input ranges, initiating the creation of randomized test cases that use these ranges.

The true innovation unfolds as these test cases are executed through Python’s exec function. This execution provides insights into code behavior, facilitating a meticulous analysis that records which lines are executed during each test case. These cumulative results yield a comprehensive evaluation of line coverage.

In summary, this project adds a new and helpful tool in software testing. By merging control graph generation, test case creation, and line coverage analysis, it offers developers a comprehensive toolkit for testing code under varying conditions.

# Getting Started
The application relies on several Python libraries to function. These libraries include streamlit, staticfg, ast, json, math, random, re, and csv. In Visual Studio Code’s terminal, execute the following command for each dependency to install them individually:
pip install streamlit
pip install ast
pip install json
pip install math
pip install random
pip install re
pip install csv

To install StatiCFG, simply clone its repository (search it in Github) and run the command pip3 install –upgrade inside of it. Please note that you will also need to install Graphviz on your machine to be able to visualise the control flow graphs generated by StatiCFG.

The process to run the application is straightforward:

Open the main code (HomePage) using Visual Studio Code. This IDE will serve as the environment to work with the application.
In the terminal within Visual Studio Code, execute the following command: streamlit run 1_icon_HomePage.py (in windows you can select different icons by pressing ’Windows’ + ’.’ on your keyboard).

With that you are set to go.
